Definitions
Fund Manager
This is the minimum investment amount for a new investor in a mutual fund scheme. 
Minimum additional amount This is the minimum investment amount for an existing investor in a mutual fund scheme.
SIP
NAV
Benchmark
Entry Load
Exit Load
Standard Deviation
Sharpe Ratio
Beta
AUM
Holdings
Nature of Scheme
Portfolio Turnover Ratio 
Yield to Maturity (YTM)
Modified Duration
Total Expense ratio
Application amount for fresh 
subscription
A measure of how frequently assets within a fund are bought and sold by the managers. Portfolio turnover is calculated by taking either the total 
amount of new securities purchased or the amount of securities sold - whichever is less - over a particular period, divided by the total net asset 
value (NAV) of the fund. The measurement is usually reported for a 12-month time period. 
The Yield to Maturity or the YTM is the rate of return anticipated on a bond if held until maturity. YTM is expressed as an annual rate. The YTM factors in the 
bond's current market price, par value, coupon interest rate and time to maturity. 
Modified duration is the price sensitivity and the percentage change in price for a unit change in yield. 
The total expense ratio (TER) is a measure of the total cost of a fund to the investor. Total costs may include various fees (purchase, redemption, auditing) 
and other expenses. The TER, calculated by dividing the total annual cost by the fund'stotal assets averaged over that year, is denoted as a percentage. 
Toll Free: 1800-266-7790 | Email: mf@ppfas.com
Call:  1800-266-8909 or 91-22-6140-6538 | E-Mail : partners@ppfas.com
Registered Oﬃce: 81/82, 8th Floor, Sakhar Bhavan, Ramnath Goenka Marg, 230, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021, Maharashtra, India.
Derivative Derivative includes (i) a security derived from a debt instrument, share, loan whether secured or unsecured, risk instrument or contract for differences or any 
other form of security; (ii) a contract which derives its value from the prices, or index of prices, or underlying securities.
For details of Branch office and ISC, kindly refer link - https://amc.ppfas.com/contact/
A mutual fund may have a sales charge or load at the time of entry and/or exit to compensate the distributor/agent. Entry load is charged at the time an investor purchases the units of a 
mutual fund. The entry load is added to the prevailing NAV at the time of investment. For instance, if the NAV is Rs. 100 and the entry load is 1 %, the investor will enter the fund at Rs. 101.
Note - As per clause 11.7.1 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds, there shall be no entry load for all Mutual Fund schemes 
An employee of the asset management company such as a mutual fund or life insurer, who manages investments of the scheme. He is usually part of a larger 
team of fund managers and research analysts. 
SIP or systematic investment plan works on the principle of making periodic investments of a fixed sum. It works similar to a recurring bank deposit. For instance, 
an investor may opt for an SIP that invests Rs 500 every 15th of the month in an equity fund for a period of three years. 
The NAV or the net asset value is the total asset value per unit of the mutual fund after deducting all related and permissible expenses. The NAV is calculated at 
the end of every business day. It is the value at which the investor enters or exits the mutual fund. 
A group of securities, usually a market index, whose performance is used as a standard or benchmark to measure investment performance of mutual funds, 
among other investments. Some typical benchmarks include the Nifty, Sensex, BSE200, BSE500, 10-Year Gsec. 
Exit load is charged at the time an investor redeems the units of a mutual fund. The exit load is deducted from the prevailing NAV at the time of redemption. 
For instance, if the NAV is Rs. 100 and the exit load is 1 %, the redemption price would be Rs.99 per unit. 
Standard deviation is a statistical measure of the range of an investment's performance. When a mutual fund has a high standard deviation, its means its range 
of performance is wide, implying greater volatility. 
The Sharpe Ratio, named after its founder, the Nobel Laureate William Sharpe, is a measure of risk-adjusted returns. It is calculated using standard deviation 
and excess return to determine reward per unit of risk. 
Beta is a measure of an investment's volatility vis-a-vis the market. Beta of less than 1 means that the security will be less volatile than the market. A beta of 
greater than 1 implies that the security's price will be more volatile than the market. 
AUM or assets under management refers to the recent / updated cumulative market value of investments managed by a mutual fund or any investment firm. 
The holdings or the portfolio is a mutual fund's latest or updated reported statement of investments/securities. These are usually displayed in terms of percentage 
to net assets or the rupee value or both. The objective is to give investors an idea of where their money is being invested by the fund manager. 
The investment objective and underlying investments determine the nature of the mutual fund scheme. For instance, a mutual fund that aims at generating capital 
appreciation by investing in stock markets is an equity fund or growth fund. Likewise, a mutual fund that aims at capital preservation by investing in debt markets 
is a debt fund or income fund. Each of these categories may have sub-categories. 
Rating Profile Mutual funds invest in securities after evaluating their creditworthiness as disclosed by the ratings. A depiction of the mutual fund in various investments based 
on their ratings becomes the rating profile of the fund. Typically, this is a feature of debt funds. 
MUTUAL FUND
PPFAS
There’s only one right way ©
FACT SHEET - MAY 2026